README.md, before:

# Wildland Core(X)

This project creates a workspace for Wildland Core rust crates.

### Crates registry

The project is in an experimental phase, thus for the time being we use a [custom crates registry](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/registries.html#using-an-alternate-registry). It is abbreviated as `wl-dev` and used throughout the repositories in this project.

To use this registry, add the following lines to your `~/.cargo/config.toml` file

```toml
[registries]
wl-dev = { index = "https://crates.wildland.dev/git/index" }
```

### Using crates from a custom registry

In order to be able to access any of the crates published to the `wl-dev` registry, you must specify that in the dependencies of your project

```toml
wildland-corex = { version = "0.1.0", path = "../wildland-corex", registry = "wl-dev" }
```

### Publishing to the registry

This registry does not have a web frontend. In order to get the publish token, use the following endpoint: [https://crates.wildland.dev/me](https://crates.wildland.dev/me)

### Logging and Debugging

Logs are gathered automatically. Current log scrubber implementations:

- Console

To initiate logging, following env must be enabled:
`RUST_LOG=XXX`
where XXX is one of `{ trace, debug, info, warn, error, off }`

By default, logging is disabled, it is highly encouraged to set `RUST_LOG=trace` or `RUST_LOG=debug` permamently while working on the library.

Commit message:

* added file logger * added more readme

README.md, after:

# Wildland Core(X)

This project creates a workspace for Wildland Core rust crates.

## Crates registry

The project is in an experimental phase, thus for the time being we
use a [custom crates registry](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/registries.html#using-an-alternate-registry).
It is abbreviated as `wl-dev` and used throughout the repositories in this project.

To use this registry, add the following lines to your `~/.cargo/config.toml` file

```toml
[registries]
wl-dev = { index = "https://crates.wildland.dev/git/index" }
```

## Using crates from a custom registry

In order to be able to access any of the crates published to the `wl-dev`
registry, you must specify that in the dependencies of your project

```toml
wildland-corex = { version = "0.1.0", path = "../wildland-corex", registry = "wl-dev" }
```

## Publishing to the registry

This registry does not have a web frontend. In order to get the publish token,
use the following endpoint: [https://crates.wildland.dev/me](https://crates.wildland.dev/me)

## Logging

Logs are gathered automatically. Current log scrubber implementations:

- Console
- File

To initiate logging, following env must be enabled:
`RUST_LOG=XXX`
where XXX is one of `{ trace, debug, info, warn, error, off }`

By default, console logging is disabled.
However, it is highly encouraged to set `RUST_LOG=trace` or `RUST_LOG=debug`
permamently while working on the library.

File logger is non-optional for now and enabled by default.
In case user wishes to change its default name, can be steered by changing
"RUST_LOGFILE=xxx", but if the alternative value is not provided it will
default to `corex.log.<datetime>.`

In addition, file-based logs will rotate each hour.
